{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":100,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":21,"column":12},"end":{"row":22,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":53}],[{"start":{"row":22,"column":172},"end":{"row":23,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":54}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":0},"end":{"row":23,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":55},{"start":{"row":23,"column":1},"end":{"row":23,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":23,"column":2},"end":{"row":23,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":3},"end":{"row":23,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":56}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":0},"end":{"row":27,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":57},{"start":{"row":27,"column":1},"end":{"row":27,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":27,"column":2},"end":{"row":27,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":3},"end":{"row":27,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":58}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":0},"end":{"row":24,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":59}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":60},{"start":{"row":32,"column":1},"end":{"row":32,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":2},"end":{"row":32,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":61}],[{"start":{"row":40,"column":2},"end":{"row":40,"column":69},"action":"remove","lines":["Wireframes can be found [here](../assets/wireframes/Wireframes.pdf)"],"id":62}],[{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["Wireframes will be here!!!!!!"],"id":63},{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["Wireframes can be found [here](../assets/wireframes/Wireframes.pdf)"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":64},{"start":{"row":36,"column":1},"end":{"row":36,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":2},"end":{"row":36,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":3},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":65}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":0},"end":{"row":39,"column":14},"action":"remove","lines":["### Wireframes"],"id":66}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["","  "],"id":67}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":68}],[{"start":{"row":41,"column":0},"end":{"row":55,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["1. HTML","This project uses HTML to build the foundation of the website and including links to CSS and JavaScript scripts.","2. CSS","This project uses CSS to style the whole website.","3. JavaScript","This project uses JavaScript to call on the Google Maps and Places API to render the map and implement all of it's functionalies into the site.","4. JQuery js","This project uses the JQuery JavaScript library for the all of the drop down menus, hover-over effects, the \"Readmore\" button, and it is used in some of the functions in maps.js.","5. Bootstrap CSS and JS 4.1.3","This project uses the Bootstrap CSS and JavaScript library for it's grid system, modals and image carousel.","6. Google Maps JavaScript API","This project uses the Google Maps JavaScript API to render the map.","7. Google Places API","This project uses the Google Places API to allow users to search a location of their choice, auto complete their search queries, search for different establishment types and get establishment names, addresses, contact numbers and the establishment's websites.",""],"id":69}],[{"start":{"row":41,"column":0},"end":{"row":53,"column":234},"action":"insert","lines":["1. HTML. This project uses HTML to build the foundation of the website, including links to CSS and JavaScript scripts.","","2. CSS. This project uses CSS to style the website.","","3. JavaScript This project uses JavaScript to call on the Google Maps and Places API to include the map and perform the functionality of this website.","","4. JQuery. This project uses the JQuery JavaScript library for the hover-over effects, toggling the \"Readmore\" button, showing and hiding the modals, as well as, it is used in some of the functions in maps.js.","","5. Bootstrap CSS and JS 4.3.1. This project uses the Bootstrap CSS and JavaScript library for the grid system, modals, cards and image carousel.","","6. Google Maps JavaScript API. This project uses the Google Maps JavaScript API to render the map.","","7. Google Places API. This project uses the Google Places API to allow users to search a city using autocomplete function, search for different categories of establishments and get their names, addresses, contact numbers and websites."],"id":70}],[{"start":{"row":56,"column":0},"end":{"row":58,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["The “SignUp” modal allows users to sign up in order to get the latest news by e-mail, by filling out the form and submitting it. As well as that, the “Enquire” modal allows users to contact the Portishead’s management by filling out the form.","The navbar stays collapsed on the mobile devices, that was achieved by including extra JavaScript function using the Bootstrap.",""],"id":71},{"start":{"row":56,"column":0},"end":{"row":56,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":56,"column":0},"end":{"row":56,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["#"],"id":72}],[{"start":{"row":56,"column":0},"end":{"row":72,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["The navbar at the top of the page allows user to easily navigate throughout the webpage. It includes three parts: “About”, “Travel Packages” and “Contact us” that allows user to scroll to these sections, by clicking on the button. Logo “TravelWithLove” reloads the homepage by clicking on it. The navigation bar is shown only on the laptop and tablet screens and was removed from the mobile device in order to enhance UX after some testing was made, that from my prospective improves UX and gives more free space on screens with small resolutions.","","A search bar with a placeholder “Enter the city to start…” uses the Google Places API and autocomplete provides a list of locations to search for.","","The button group including the following buttons “Hotels”, “Restaurants”, “Attractions” and “Shopping” allows a user to choose the category for the nearby search, which will display markers on the map for the selected option.","","The icon information window, that appears when a user clicks on one of the markers, gives the user the ability to get more detailed information, displaying name, address, contact number, an external link to the website.","","The section “About” is static and displays the information about the main idea of the website.","","The image carousel displays 3 vertically centred responsive images when a user clicks on one of the cards in a “Travel Packages” section. It was made by combing modal and carousel components from Bootstrap.","","The \"Read more…\" button toggles the paragraphs describing the travel package by using a smooth slide up or down animation.","","The “Contact us” modal allows users to contact the TravelWithLove management by filling out the form. After submission and sending the e-mail the vertically centred pop-up appears, letting the user know that his enquiry was successfully sent.","","The buttons for social links allow users to open the websites in new tab by using 'target=\"_blank\"."],"id":73}],[{"start":{"row":74,"column":0},"end":{"row":74,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["..."],"id":74}],[{"start":{"row":74,"column":0},"end":{"row":140,"column":790},"action":"insert","lines":["User scenarios that were used for testing are detailed below:","","1. Search the city and autocomplete:","","i. Open the page, go to the “Map” section at the top of the site.","","ii. Enter a city (desired destination) into the search box and make sure that the autocomplete shows suggested cities.","","iii. Click on one of the suggested variants and verify that the map loads with that location in the centre.","","2. Display the hotels nearby:","","i. Go to the “Map” section at the top of the page.","","ii. Enter a city into the search input box in order to make the map centre on the chosen location.","","iii. Click on the “Hotels” button of the button group and get the markers displayed.","","3. Display info window:","","i. Go to the Map section at the top of the page.","","ii. Enter a city into the search input box in order to make the map centre on the chosen location.","","iii. Click on the “Hotels” button of the button group and get the markers displayed.","","iv. Click on one of the markers and verify that the info window displays the name, address, contact number and website of the chosen place.","","4. Display the information about a travel package:","","i. Go to the Travel Packages section.","","ii. Click on the “Read more” button and get the paragraph with a text about the selected package slide down.","","iii. Click on the “Read more” button again to hide the paragraph.","","iv. On the laptop device hover over the image to see information about number of days and the price.","","5. Display the image carousel:","","i. Go to the “Travel Packages\" section.","","ii. Click on the image to get the carousel displayed in the centre of the screen.","","iii. Click on the next and previous controls to show next and previous images respectively.","","6. Contact form:","","i. Go to the \"Contact Us\" section in the footer.","","ii. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears.","","iii. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address without using “@” and verify that a relevant error message appears.","","iv. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.","","v. Get the pop-up window displayed in the centre of the screen, that shows that the enquiry was successfully submitted.","","All the links in the footer as well as the links to external websites in the info windows in the “Map” section will open in a new tab using 'target=\"_blank\". All links have been manually tested to ensure that they are pointing to the correct destination.","","This site was tested across multiple browsers (Chrome, Internet Explorer, FireFox) and on multiple mobile devices (iPhone 5, 6, 8, Samsung Galaxy, Sony Xperia), tablets(iPad) and laptops (with HiDPI and MDPI and touch screens), as well as on Google Chrome's developer tools to see how it looks across all the different device screen sizes to ensure compatibility and responsiveness.","","Validation · HTML was validated using W3C Markup Validation Service. · CSS was validated using W3C CSS Validation Service.","","· JS was validated using https://jshint.com/","","As well as the testing described, I asked my friends and family to have a look and check out the website on their devices and send me some feedback. The interesting issue that I got at that stage was that some people wanted to enter the country, not the city, and this confused users. In order to fix this issue and enhance UX, I changed the placeholder for the search box, asking the user to enter the city to begin using the map. Another issue found at this point was when the user clicks at the “Read more” button under one of the packages, and all three paragraphs of the row appeared, despite the text of the other two was hidden. To fix this issue and to improve UX, the Bootstrap’s “card-desk” class was removed and all the three cards in a line were placed in the different columns."],"id":75}],[{"start":{"row":73,"column":10},"end":{"row":74,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":76}],[{"start":{"row":75,"column":0},"end":{"row":75,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":77},{"start":{"row":75,"column":1},"end":{"row":75,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":75,"column":2},"end":{"row":75,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":75,"column":3},"end":{"row":75,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":78}],[{"start":{"row":137,"column":0},"end":{"row":137,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":79},{"start":{"row":137,"column":1},"end":{"row":137,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":137,"column":2},"end":{"row":137,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":137,"column":3},"end":{"row":137,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":80}],[{"start":{"row":137,"column":16},"end":{"row":137,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":81},{"start":{"row":137,"column":16},"end":{"row":138,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":0},"end":{"row":138,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["-"],"id":82}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":1},"end":{"row":138,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":83}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":1},"end":{"row":140,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":84}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":60},"end":{"row":139,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":85},{"start":{"row":139,"column":0},"end":{"row":139,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["- "]}],[{"start":{"row":141,"column":0},"end":{"row":141,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["·"],"id":86},{"start":{"row":140,"column":0},"end":{"row":141,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":0},"end":{"row":140,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["-"],"id":87}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":1},"end":{"row":140,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":88}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":57},"end":{"row":138,"column":58},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":89},{"start":{"row":138,"column":56},"end":{"row":138,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":56},"end":{"row":138,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["·"],"id":90}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":27},"end":{"row":138,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["["],"id":91}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":57},"end":{"row":138,"column":58},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":92}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":57},"end":{"row":138,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["]"],"id":93}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":26},"end":{"row":139,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["["],"id":94}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":54},"end":{"row":139,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":95}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":55},"end":{"row":139,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["[]"],"id":96}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":55},"end":{"row":139,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["[]"],"id":97},{"start":{"row":139,"column":54},"end":{"row":139,"column":55},"action":"remove","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":139,"column":53},"end":{"row":139,"column":54},"action":"remove","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":25},"end":{"row":140,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["("],"id":98}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":45},"end":{"row":140,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":[")"],"id":99}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":53},"end":{"row":139,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["]"],"id":100}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":54},"end":{"row":139,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":101}],[{"start":{"row":139,"column":55},"end":{"row":139,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/"],"id":102}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":58},"end":{"row":138,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":103}],[{"start":{"row":138,"column":59},"end":{"row":138,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input"],"id":104}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":25},"end":{"row":140,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["["],"id":105},{"start":{"row":140,"column":26},"end":{"row":140,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["]"]}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":26},"end":{"row":140,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["J"],"id":106},{"start":{"row":140,"column":27},"end":{"row":140,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["S"]}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":28},"end":{"row":140,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":107}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":28},"end":{"row":140,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":108}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":28},"end":{"row":140,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["H"],"id":109}],[{"start":{"row":140,"column":26},"end":{"row":140,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["JSH"],"id":110},{"start":{"row":140,"column":26},"end":{"row":140,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["JSHint"]}],[{"start":{"row":144,"column":0},"end":{"row":155,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["Created a new repository on GitHub then throughout the project commits were made after every important feature of the website.","","The HTML and CSS code passes the oficial validator with no issues.","","The JavaScript code passes trough JSHint with no issues.","","There is no difference between the deployed version and the development version.","","The project has been deployed on GitHub Pages.","","To run locally, you can clone this repository directly into the editor by pasting git clone https://github.com/irinatu17/holiday-planner.git into your terminal.",""],"id":111},{"start":{"row":144,"column":0},"end":{"row":152,"column":267},"action":"insert","lines":["A new repository was created on GitHub, then micro commits were made after every important feature of the website throughout the project development.","","This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch and can be viewed via GitHub Pages here {link here}.","","The deployed site updates automatically upon new commits to the master branch.","","In order for the website to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page is named index.html.","","To run locally, you can clone this repository directly into the editor of your choice by pasting git clone https://github.com/hschafer2017/HSCHAFER-Portfolio.git into your terminal. To cut ties with this GitHub repository, type git remote rm origin into the terminal."]}],[{"start":{"row":152,"column":267},"end":{"row":153,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":112}],[{"start":{"row":146,"column":116},"end":{"row":146,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":["["],"id":113}],[{"start":{"row":146,"column":121},"end":{"row":146,"column":122},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":114}],[{"start":{"row":146,"column":121},"end":{"row":146,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":["]"],"id":115}],[{"start":{"row":146,"column":122},"end":{"row":146,"column":133},"action":"remove","lines":["{link here}"],"id":116},{"start":{"row":146,"column":122},"end":{"row":146,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["("]},{"start":{"row":146,"column":123},"end":{"row":146,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":[")"]}],[{"start":{"row":146,"column":123},"end":{"row":146,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["https://irinatu17.github.io/holiday-planner/"],"id":117}],[{"start":{"row":155,"column":0},"end":{"row":156,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["All content in the \"About\" and \"Travel packages\" sections in this website were written by me",""],"id":118},{"start":{"row":155,"column":0},"end":{"row":157,"column":191},"action":"insert","lines":["All the content in the \"About\" and the \"Travel packages\" sections of this website were written by me.","","Significant part of the maps.js file JavaScript code has been taken from the Google Maps JavaScript API Documentation, then modified, customised and supplemented in accordance with the goals."]}],[{"start":{"row":157,"column":191},"end":{"row":158,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":119}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":0},"end":{"row":160,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["The pictures used in this site were obtained from [https://unsplash.com/], a stock image library, and from personal archive.",""],"id":120}],[{"start":{"row":158,"column":9},"end":{"row":159,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":121}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":0},"end":{"row":161,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":["The background image was obtained from [https://unsplash.com/].","","Pictures in the “Travel packages” section were taken from free available Google images by searching them using 800x600 size parameters."],"id":122}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":39},"end":{"row":159,"column":40},"action":"remove","lines":["["],"id":123}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":39},"end":{"row":159,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["("],"id":124}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":61},"end":{"row":159,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["]"],"id":125}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":61},"end":{"row":159,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":[")"],"id":126}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":38},"end":{"row":159,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":127},{"start":{"row":159,"column":39},"end":{"row":159,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["["]},{"start":{"row":159,"column":40},"end":{"row":159,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["]"]}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":40},"end":{"row":159,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["U"],"id":128},{"start":{"row":159,"column":41},"end":{"row":159,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":41},"end":{"row":159,"column":42},"action":"remove","lines":["m"],"id":129}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":41},"end":{"row":159,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":130},{"start":{"row":159,"column":42},"end":{"row":159,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":159,"column":43},"end":{"row":159,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":159,"column":44},"end":{"row":159,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":159,"column":45},"end":{"row":159,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":159,"column":46},"end":{"row":159,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":159,"column":47},"end":{"row":159,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":159,"column":49},"end":{"row":159,"column":50},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":131}],[{"start":{"row":163,"column":0},"end":{"row":169,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["This is a list of some websites that helped me during development to get some inspiration, find information about technologies and features used or to find relevant examples: 1. W3schools https://www.w3schools.com/","","2. Google Maps Platform Documentation 3. Google Places API documentation.","","4. Stack Overflow","","5. Dribble As well, I would like to thank my Mentor Rahul Lakhanpal and all the tutors in the Code Institute for their help, advice and support throughout the project."],"id":132}],[{"start":{"row":163,"column":175},"end":{"row":164,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":133}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":12},"end":{"row":164,"column":39},"action":"remove","lines":[" https://www.w3schools.com/"],"id":134}],[{"start":{"row":166,"column":38},"end":{"row":167,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":135},{"start":{"row":167,"column":0},"end":{"row":167,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["3. "]}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":12},"end":{"row":165,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":136}],[{"start":{"row":166,"column":38},"end":{"row":167,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":137}],[{"start":{"row":167,"column":17},"end":{"row":168,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":138}],[{"start":{"row":168,"column":11},"end":{"row":169,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":139},{"start":{"row":169,"column":0},"end":{"row":169,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["6. "]}],[{"start":{"row":169,"column":2},"end":{"row":169,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":140},{"start":{"row":169,"column":1},"end":{"row":169,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["."]},{"start":{"row":169,"column":0},"end":{"row":169,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["6"]}],[{"start":{"row":169,"column":34},"end":{"row":169,"column":35},"action":"remove","lines":["M"],"id":141},{"start":{"row":169,"column":34},"end":{"row":169,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":0},"end":{"row":164,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["1."],"id":142},{"start":{"row":164,"column":0},"end":{"row":164,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["⋅⋅*"]}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":2},"end":{"row":164,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["*"],"id":143},{"start":{"row":164,"column":1},"end":{"row":164,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["⋅"]}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":0},"end":{"row":164,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["⋅"],"id":144}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":0},"end":{"row":164,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["⋅⋅*"],"id":145}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":2},"end":{"row":164,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["*"],"id":146},{"start":{"row":164,"column":1},"end":{"row":164,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["⋅"]},{"start":{"row":164,"column":0},"end":{"row":164,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["⋅"]}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":0},"end":{"row":164,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["1"],"id":147},{"start":{"row":164,"column":1},"end":{"row":164,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":1},"end":{"row":164,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":[","],"id":148}],[{"start":{"row":164,"column":1},"end":{"row":164,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":149}],[{"start":{"row":168,"column":11},"end":{"row":169,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":150},{"start":{"row":169,"column":0},"end":{"row":169,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["6. "]}],[{"start":{"row":169,"column":2},"end":{"row":169,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":151},{"start":{"row":169,"column":1},"end":{"row":169,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["."]},{"start":{"row":169,"column":0},"end":{"row":169,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["6"]}],[{"start":{"row":170,"column":0},"end":{"row":170,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["~"],"id":152}],[{"start":{"row":170,"column":0},"end":{"row":170,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["~"],"id":153}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":2019,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":170,"column":0},"end":{"row":170,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1574724004117,"hash":"47d58fe168073c41e55e49a8a4e4d7a12218e65f"}